we took over the whole show let's go
check this out in here listen in the
corn new album amazing this is the
dressing room
Ravi oh Lola Votto over there working
out keeping the health ethic going
important facet there of the home
machine head thing let's go talk to some
of the crew some of the people that are
helping us out on this whole tour let's
go pal first of all back up this is
Simon he's our monitor man he's brought
us the whole tour giving me huge bumping
kick drums and amazingly singing Tom's
doing a great job he's the man John Hall
is our sound man hello making it sound
painful rocking people's guts and ribs
of parts amazing sound man it's been
helping us out for two tours now it's
worked out tremendously boy that's not
what you said last night is that what
that's all you said last night
anyway and John when I asked you what
the biggest problem mixing our sound
from the fluctuating sized venues from
the big hall to small Hall every night
and dealing with local production and
stuff like that well the problem is in
Spain initial a lot we've been
experiencing these mains fluctuating
we've got a problem today with the mains
and I know it's been fine with being
having a production like in England and
Germany we're carrying your own
production so
we don't have the problem back here
behind my kit this is the snare drum I'm
using now this is a dangerous aqua tree
drum company from Chicago it's a 30
pound or solid cast iron snare that I'm
using and I've also developed something
because of these hideous calluses that
I've developed after nine months here
I've picked up the same stick
configuration that Paul bo staffs using
from Slayer with this
beedo tape company and beto gloves and
these are the gloves right here they're
suede on the palm and mixed with the the
gauze tape feel of these I've not copped
any more blisters on this tour luckily
the blisters can get really bad because
they get dried and they crack and it's
just blood everywhere and it gets very
ugly
so that's Charlene
but she had all have dogs at home dogs
are an important part of machine heads
lives we have a major problem because
obviously this says Chris is a meaning
meisa my pizza and someone has eaten it
because it is empty and now someone's
going to die and unspeakable death here
we are about to step into the hub of the
Machine hit production office here where
everything goes down phone calls are
made drum heads are ordered guitar
strings all advancing of shows and
catering and everything goes down Steve
weights in the air let's go check it out
what's the hardest thing Steve about a
stick running on the bus with four of
nice rats for obnoxious trips trying to
get some sleep I guess and then trying
to wake the four obnoxious brats up in
the morning getting a load of verbal
abuse and things like that yeah I think
so yeah
say it again say five times fast
alright it's been a great time I'm out
of here I'm gonna hand you over to the
one and only Lolo vato he's gonna take
over and introduce you to some of the
text and see ya what's up I'm Logan this
is the machine head backstage tour
continuing here over here we got Mike so
backline tech for Rob and Adam what are
you doing here Mike well I'm cleaning up
this mess that uh I don't crease on his
guitar every night and it's messy oh
it's not pretty
Adam sweat could destroy that metal
right there in about two weeks yeah
black mom with the name of the case big
black mom already full on there this
here's big black mama
everybody hates this big case but I love
it it's a beautiful case only the strong
survive
I get to work it out like to have a big
ol stick of butter all right we got to
take a short break now we'll be back
with some more live machine head
backstage and here's some live shit from
the show and I'll see you in a minute
- whoa
ba ba-gawk